Add support for D4A/Draupnir For All to the playbook. (#3204)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/configuring-playbook-appservice-draupnir-for-all.md

# Setting up Draupnir for All/D4A (optional)

The playbook can install and configure the [Draupnir](https://github.com/the-draupnir-project/Draupnir) moderation tool for you in appservice mode.

> Appservice mode can be used together with normal Draupnir or independently. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appservice mode can be used together with the regular [Draupnir bot](configuring-playbook-bot-draupnir.md) or independently. 
```

Reviewer: Also, adding some information on pros/cons to using bot vs appservice, would be nice.

The appservice is more multitenant? It's also not rate-limitted? Etc.

Author: Appservice is Multitennant yes and Ratelimit Exempt just like a Normal Draupnir should be. Will add this to the documentation.

# Setting up Draupnir for All/D4A (optional)

The playbook can install and configure the [Draupnir](https://github.com/the-draupnir-project/Draupnir) moderation tool for you in appservice mode.

Appservice mode can be used together with the regular [Draupnir bot](configuring-playbook-bot-draupnir.md) or independently.

> D4A compared to Draupnir Normal. 

Reviewer 2: Should you be calling this "normal"? Is that what it's called internal to mdad? it's probably better to call it "bot mode" so it's consistent with the way Draupnir's documentation refers to the same thing.

Draupnir for all is the way to go if you need more than 1 Draupnir but you don't need access to Synapse Admin features as they are not accessible thru Draupnir for All (Even tho the commands do show up in help). 

Draupnir for all in the playbook is rate limit exempt automatically as its part of the appservice configuration file if the appservice is rate limited or not. 

Normal Draupnir does come with the benefit of access to Synapse Admin features. You are also able to more easily customise your normal Draupnir than D4A as D4A even on the branch with the Avatar command (To be Upstreamed to Mainline Draupnir) that command is clunky as it requires the use of things like Element devtools. In normal draupnir this is a quick operation where you login to Draupnir with a normal client and set Avatar and Display name normally. 

Draupnir for all does also not support external tooling like [MRU](https://mru.rory.gay) as it cant access Draupnirs user account like is needed to use it. 

> Last downside of Draupnir for all is the state of the Admin side of the user experience being Alpha quality. This flaw is not in regular Draupnir and is mostly not in the provisioned Draupnirs either.

Reviewer 2: This should be the first thing they read in relation to the appservice mode, not the last thing.

Reviewer 2: "The administrative functions for managing the appservice are alpha quality and very limited. However, the experience of using an appservice provisioned Draupnir is on par with the experience of using Draupnir from bot mode."
